well it's shower o'clock again and then
tonight's the night I'm gonna do my
little moment and I can do it but I
thought he would practice for you first
cuz I'm gonna Shaniqua
was suggesting maybe I use the scarf
motion to let my hair down
which feels a little wet but those
Polish are in touch with their wild side
and by golly I'm gonna uphold that
tradition and get in touch with my pride
and my power and my hair and my wild so
the music is is kind of like and then I
go out there I have some pins
and she said shake it
she said shake it you wanna shake it
till you make it
so I'm I'm gonna shake it like that but
better definitely better oh when I hear
the music just what your hair don't as
they say you know the old fries it's
kind of nice
I mean I wonder what Hubbard would think
if he saw my hair gone
they usually sleep in a bonnet you know
as we do with a breed in the bonnet but
maybe I could I heard a known somebody
ever gets out of the shower know what
he's doing in there
oh I better go